作者czqs2000 (青山)看板Gossiping標題[新聞] 路易斯維爾抗議中7人被開槍擊中時間Sat May 30 01:35:36 2020
1.媒體來源:
紐約時報

2.記者署名:
Mike Baker

3.完整新聞標題:
7 People Shot at Louisville Protest Over the Death of Breonna Taylor
在路易斯維爾針對Breonna Taylor死亡的抗議中，7人被開槍擊中

4.完整新聞內文:
Seven people were struck by gunfire at a protest in Louisville, Ky., on Thur
sday night as tensions there continued to escalate over the fatal shooting o
f a black woman by three white police officers in March.
周四晚，肯塔基州路易斯維爾的一場抗議活動中，7人被射中，3月份3名白人警察槍殺一
名黑人婦女事件繼續升級。

Of those reported injured in the demonstration, two were taken for surgery a
nd five were in good condition, Louisville Mayor Greg Fischer said early Fri
day morning. Mr. Fischer said no officers discharged their weapons and that
the violence came from within the crowd.
路易斯維爾市長格雷格·費舍爾周五清晨說，據報道，在示威活動中受傷的人中，兩人
接受了手術，五人情況良好。費舍爾說，沒有任何警員開槍，槍擊來自人群內部。

Videos posted on social media appeared to show shots being fired while demon
strators surrounded a police vehicle. No officers were among those injured a
nd it was too early to determine who was responsible, said the Louisville Me
tro Police Department.社交媒體上發布的視頻顯示，示威者包圍一輛警車時，有人開
槍。路易斯維爾地鐵警察局說，受傷者中沒有警察，現在確定誰是肇事者還為時過早。

Protesters had gathered in the streets to call for police accountability in
the fatal shooting of the woman, Breonna Taylor, chanting “no justice, no p
eace, prosecute police.”
抗議者聚集在街頭，呼吁警方對殺害婦女布雷昂娜·泰勒的事件負責，高呼“沒有正義
，沒有和平，起訴警察”

Hundreds of demonstrators made their way through the city throughout the eve
ning. Jessie Halladay, a spokeswoman for the police department, said the gat
hering began peacefully but escalated to involve assaults on officers and pr
operty damage before the shooting.
成百上千的示威者整個晚上都在城里游行。警察局發言人杰西·哈拉迪（Jessie Halla
day）說，集會開始時很平靜，但后來升級，在槍擊前警察遭到了襲擊和財產損失。

“I feel the community’s frustration, the anger, the fear, but tonight’s v
iolence and destruction is not the way to solve it,” Mr. Fischer said.
菲舍爾說：“我感受到社會的沮喪、憤怒和恐懼，但今晚的暴力和破壞并不是解決問題
的辦法。”。

In a message posted on Facebook, Ms. Taylor’s sister, Juniyah Palmer, thank
ed demonstrators for demanding justice but asked them to keep things peacefu
l.
泰勒的妹妹朱尼婭·帕爾默（Juniyah Palmer）在Facebook上發布的一條信息中感謝示
威者要求公正，但要求他們保持和平。

“Do not succumb to the levels that we see out of the police,” she wrote. “
Speak. Protest. But do not resort to violence.”
“不要屈服于我們從警察那里看到的表現，”她寫道。“發聲、抗議，但不要訴諸暴力
。”

The shooting came on a night when demonstrations in Minneapolis also escalat
ed over the death of George Floyd.
槍擊發生的當晚，明尼阿波利斯的示威活動也因喬治·弗洛伊德的死亡而升級。

Louisville police officers fatally shot Ms. Taylor, a 26-year-old emergency
medical technician, at her home during a narcotics investigation in March. P
olice have said officers knocked on the door, announced their presence, then
 forced their way into the home after midnight before being met by gunfire.
今年3月，路易斯維爾警方在一次毒品調查中，在家中槍殺了26歲的急救員泰勒女士。警
方說，警察敲了敲門，宣布了他們的存在，然后在午夜后強行進入她的家中，然后槍擊
了她。

The officers have since been placed on administrative leave but have not bee
n charged with a crime.
此后，這些官員被迫休假，但沒有被指控犯罪。

Ms. Taylor’s boyfriend, Kenneth Walker, told investigators he did not hear
police announce themselves and was terrified when the door was knocked down.
 In a 911 call just after the shooting, Mr. Walker told the dispatcher that
“somebody kicked in the door and shot my girlfriend,” according to a recor
ding released on Thursday.
泰勒的男友肯尼思·沃克告訴調查人員，他沒有聽到警方的警告，當房門被撞倒時，他
很害怕。根據周四公布的一段錄音，在槍擊事件發生后不久的911電話中，沃克告訴調度
員，“有人踢了門，射殺了我女朋友”。

Questions have continued to mount about the handling of the case. Authoritie
s had initially charged Mr. Walker with attempted murder for shooting a poli
ce officer in the leg during the intrusion. Last week, prosecutors said they
 were dropping those charges, saying further investigation was needed.
關于這個案件的處理問題不斷增加。當局最初指控沃克射中了一名警察的腿，罪名是謀
殺未遂。上周，檢方表示，他們將撤銷這些指控，并表示需要進一步調查。

In a lawsuit on behalf of Ms. Taylor's mother, Tamika Palmer, lawyers said p
olice already had the main suspect in the narcotics investigation in custody
 before going into the home. No drugs were found in the apartment.
在代表泰勒母親塔米卡·帕爾默（Tamika Palmer）提起的訴訟中，律師們表示，警方在
進入泰勒家之前已經將被調查的主要嫌疑人拘留。公寓里沒有發現毒品。

The F.B.I said last week that it had opened an investigation into the shooti
ng. Gov. Andy Beshear has called reports about Ms. Taylor’s death “troubli
ng.”
聯邦調查局上周說已經對槍擊案展開調查。州長安迪·貝希爾稱有關泰勒死亡的報道“
令人不安”

Mayor Greg Fischer has said that in response to the shooting, “no knock” s
earch warrants would require approval from the police chief or someone he de
signates before being sent to a judge for approval. Mr. Fischer said other c
hanges included the departure of the Police Chief Steve Conrad, and that mor
e changes would be coming.
市長格雷格·費舍爾（Greg Fischer）表示，針對這起槍擊案，“禁止敲門”搜查令需
要得到警察局長或他指定的人的批準，然后才能送交法官批準。費舍爾說，其他的變化
包括警長康拉德（Steve Conrad）的離任，未來還會有更多的變化。

5.完整新聞連結 (或短網址):
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/29/us/louisville-protest-shooting-breonna-ta
ylor.html

6.備註:

懶人包：
1) 3月份3名路易斯維爾的白人警察以緝毒名義夜里闖入黑人急救醫生Breonna Taylor家，
并將其當場射殺。

2) 警察后來指控Breonna Taylor的男友向他們開槍，但后來撤訴。

3) 在Breonna Taylor家里并沒有發現任何毒品。

4) 今天路易斯維爾舉行抗議，民眾包圍警車時突發槍擊。

5) 7名抗議民眾被擊中，警察說自己沒有開槍，是抗議的人群開的槍。

槍擊視頻：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyFFVfHOvvI


---split---
推: 8
噓: 4
分數: 4
作者: czqs2000 (青山)
標題: [新聞] 路易斯維爾抗議中7人被開槍擊中
時間: Sat May 30 01:35:36 2020
